Previously on Teen Wolf
Lydia. run!
Sync by YYeTs
Correction by U-sub Bisounours Team
www.addic7ed.com
You're gonna help
me catch the second beta.
Come on!
I wanna be like you.
Unfortunately. Jackson.
I don't think I can
give you what you want.
but I have a feeling you
might be able to help me.
Remember all the fun we had together?
Like that time you
burned my family alive?
Why did you do that?
Because I love you.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-
Move!
No... I'm not
just letting you leave her here.
You don't have a choice. stiles.
You're coming with me.
Just kill me.
Look. I don't care anymore.
Call your friend.
Tell Jackson where she is.
That's all you get.
- It's all right.
- No.
You're okay.
You're okay. baby.
Come on. Lydia.
Stay with me.
Come on. Help me!
Somebody help!
Help me!
Get help. please!
Don't feel bad.
If she lives.
she'll become a werewolf.
She'll be incredibly powerful.
Yeah. and once a month.
she'll go out of her freaking
mind and try to tear me apart.
Well. actually.
considering that she's a woman...
twice a month.
Feeling better?
Don't push me. Kate!
I thought it was a pretty healthy
display of aggression. actually.
You told her.
She found out.
Don't think I don't
know about the clues
that you've been leaving.
starting with that necklace.
She knows because you wanted her to.
Because she needs to.
Why are you back here?
You hate this town.
I had a network of names I could've
called a lot closer than you.
But you called first.
So now you don't want my help?
I'm not sure I know
who you're helping.
Oh. come on.
I'm here to catch the Alpha.
Remember the one running around here.
killing people at random?
Not random.
What?
Tyhurst said that sheriff
Stilinski can connect every murder
back to the Hale fire.
Well. then that's even more
reason for her to know.
'cause they've always
blamed us for that fire.
It had to have been Derek
and some other relative.
But I guarantee they're circling
around to us as their last targets.
I know. It's why you're taking
Allison out of here tonight.
You're gonna drive her to
the house in Washington.
and you will stay there until I call.
Are you kidding me?
You're gonna bench your star
player in the last quarter?
Get your things.
I want the two of you
on the road within the hour.
I'm not sure how long you'll be.
You want me to pick
out anything specific?
Sweetheart?
I just saw my boyfriend
turn into a werewolf.
All right.
I'll grab some things myself.
Who was that?
Was that Scott?
No. Somebody named Jackson.
What are you gonna do to him?
That depends.
We have a sort of
moral code we follow.
Especially when they're that young.
Scott didn't kill anybody.
He couldn't...
This is all part of a
longer conversation.
I wanna know now. Right now.
What you want right
now doesn't matter.
What you need is to stay quiet.
You're catching a
glimpse of something
you are not quite ready to see.
and there are othersoutside
of this family
who are not ready for you to see it.
Staying quiet is the best protection.
Do you understand?
Say it!
I understand.
That's my girl.
Now grab a few warm coats.
It'll probably be cold up there.
You know you can't
do this without me.
You're not gonna
find him on your own.
We're gonna talk about everything.
I promise.
Call me when you get there.
Is she right?
Can you find the Alpha?
No.
But Scott McCall can.
And I know how to find him.
Whose car is this?
It belonged to my nurse.
What happened to your n...
Oh. my God!
I got better.
You need to tell her how you feel.
Tell her anything
and everything you want.
Everything?
Why did you do that?
Because I love you.
Good luck getting a signal down here.
Oh. mifi.
And you're a Mac guy.
Does that go for all werewolves.
or just a personal preference?
Turn it on.
Get connected.
You know.
you're really killing the whole
werewolf mystique thing here.
Look. you still need Scott's
username and password.
and I'm sorry. but I don't know them.
You know both of them.
No. I don't.
Even if I couldn't
hear your heartbeat.
I would still be able to
tell that you're lying.
Dude. I swear to God...
I can be very persuasive. Stiles.
Don't make me persuade you.
Where is she?
Hey. Hey!
What the hell happened to that girl?
I... I don't know.
I went out looking for her...
What. you just happened to wander
into the middle of that field
and you just found
her there like that?
Don't lie to me. son.
No. I...
Hey!
What happened to her?
This isn't my fault!
She's your girlfriend!
That's your responsibility!
No. she's not. okay?
She didn't go to the formal with me.
Then who'd she go with?
Do you really wanna know?
She went with Stiles.
What?
Stiles took her.
Somebody better find my son.
What happens after you find Derek?
Don't think. Stiles.
Type.
You're gonna kill people. aren't you?
Only the responsible ones.
Look. if I do this. you have to
promise to leave Scott out of it.
Do you know why wolves hunt in packs?
It's because their favored prey
are too large to be brought down
by one wolf alone.
I need Derek and Scott.
I need both of them.
He's not gonna help you.
Oh. he will.
Because it'll save Allison.
And you will.
because it will save Scott.
Your best friend whom
you know so well.
you even have his
username and password.
His username is "Allison"?
His password is also "Allison"?
Still want him in your pack?
Wait. what the...
That's where they're keeping him?
At his own house?
Not at it.
Under it.
I know exactly where that is.
And I'm not the only one.
You getting it now?
It's what they do.
and they can't help it.
All of them?
Yes. Allison.
Even Scott.
Give me your keys.
Careful. She grinds in second.
So you're not gonna kill me?
Okay. I...
Don't you understand yet?
I'm not the bad guy here.
You turn into a giant monster
with red eyes and fangs.
and you're not the bad guy here?
I like you. Stiles.
Since you've helped me.
I'm going to give you
something in return.
Do you want the bite?
What?
If it doesn't kill you...
and it could...
you'll become like us.
Like you.
Yes. a werewolf.
Would you like me to
draw you a picture?
That first night in the woods.
I took Scott because
I needed a new pack.
It could've easily been you.
You'd be every bit
as powerful as him.
No more standing by his side.
watching him become stronger.
and quicker. more popular.
watching him get the girl.
You'd be equals.
Or maybe more.
Yes or no?
I don't wanna be like you.
Do you know what I heard just then?
Your heart beating slightly faster
over the words "I don't want."
You may believe that you're
telling me the truth.
but you are lying to yourself.
Goodbye. Stiles.
You know what?
It's good that we're in a hospital.
because I'm gonna kill you.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I lost the keys to my jeep.
I had to run all the way here.
Stiles. I don't care!
Is she gonna be okay?
They don't know.
partially because they
don't know what happened.
She lost a lot of blood.
but there's something
else going on with her.
What do you mean?
The doctors say it's like she's
having an allergic reaction.
Her body keeps going into shock.
Did you see anything?
I mean. do you have any idea
who or what attacked her?
No. No. I have no idea.
What about Scott?
What do you mean?
What about him?
Did he see anything?
What do you... is he not here?
What are you talking about?
I've been calling him
on his cell phone.
I've gotten no response.
Yeah. you're not gonna get one.
Ready to have some more fun?
To be honest.
my knuckles are kind of hurting.
So I brought some help.
But I need to warn ya.
I used to play in college.
I brought a little help too.
Stiles.
Listen. just go wait with your friends.
all right?
Dad. tell me.
Look. you know it has
something to do with Derek.
What?
I thought you two said
you barely knew him.
All right. we might know him
a little better than that.
You do realize that I'm
elected to this job. right?
And if I help you figure this out.
you'll be re-elected.
Am I right?
Dad. come on.
You know what?
That girl in there has got nothing to do
with the *** arson case.
When did you decide
it was definitely arson?
When we got a key witness.
And. no.
I'm not telling you who it is.
but yeah. yeah. we know it's arson.
And it was probably
organized by a young woman.
What young woman?
If I knew that. she'd be in jail.
Was she young then.
or is she young now?
She's probably in her late 20s.
Oh. I gotta grab this call.
You don't know her name?
No. I don't...
What is this? 20 questions?
All we know is that she
had a very distinctive...
What do you call it... a pendant.
What the hell's a pendant?
Stiles. do you go to school?
A pendant! A pendant!
It's a necklace.
- Now. can I answer the phone?
- Yes.
Thank you.
Stilinski.
Yeah.
Scott. help me with this.
No.
What?
Not until you tell
me how to stop Peter.
You really wanna talk
about this right now?
He's going after
Allison and her family.
He's going to kill them.
So what?
So tell me how to stop him.
You can't! All right? Now...
I don't know when Kate's coming back.
so just get me out of this right now!
Get me out right now!
Promise you'll help me.
You want me to risk my life
for your girlfriend?
For your stupid little teenage crush
that means absolutely nothing?
You're not in love. Scott.
You're 16 years old.
You're a child.
Maybe you're right.
But I know something you don't.
Peter said he didn't
know what he was doing
when he killed your sister. right?
He lied.
Remember this?
Hey. where are you going?
To find Scott.
You don't have a car.
I'm aware of that. Thank you.
Here. I'll drive. Come on...
Look. just because you feel guilty
all of a sudden doesn't make it okay.
all right?
Half of this is still your fault.
Look. I have a car.
You don't.
Do you want my help or not?
All right. Did you bring the Porsche?
Yeah.
Good. I'll drive.
Boys.
I was wondering if you can
tell me where Scott McCall is.
Scott McCall?
Haven't seen him since the dance.
Jackson. you?
I...
Oh. for the love of God.
Let's try this again.
Where is Scott McCall?
This is what brought your sister
back to beacon hills. right?
Where did you get that?
My boss told me three months ago
someone came into the clinic
asking for a copy of this picture.
Do you wanna know who it was?
Peter's nurse.
They brought your sister here
so that Peter could kill her
and become the Alpha.
and that's why you're
going to help me.
Just say you'll help me.
and I'll help you
unlock your other...
I'll help you.
Let me ask you a question. Stiles.
Have you ever seen a rabit dog?
No.
I could put it on my to-do-list.
if you just let me go.
Well. I have.
And the only thing
I've ever been able
to compare to is a friend of mine
turn on a full moon.
Do you wanna know what happened?
Not really.
No offense to your
storytelling skills.
He tried to kill me.
and I was forced to put
a bullet in his head.
The whole while that
he lay there dying.
he was still trying to
claw his way toward me.
still trying to kill me.
like it was the most important thing
he could do with his last breath.
Can you imagine that?
No. And it sounds like you need
to be a little bit more select...
Did Scott try to kill
you on the full moon?
Did you have to lock him up?
Yeah. I did.
I had to handcuff him to a radiator.
Why?
Would you prefer I locked
him in the basement
and burned the whole
house down around him?
I hate to dispel a popular rumor.
Stiles.
but we never did that.
Oh. right.
Derek said you guys had a code.
I guess no one ever breaks it.
Never.
What if someone does?
Someone like who?
Your sister.
Hey. Hold on.
Hold on. Hold on.
Something doesn't feel right.
What do you mean?
I don't know. It was...
it was kind of like it was...
No. don't say "too easy."
People say "too easy"
and bad things happen.
What. do you think
finding you was easy?
Getting away from Allison's dad?
None of this has been easy.
Fine. You're right.
Thank you.
Now the leg.
Flash bolt.
Scott. your eyes!
Now.
Come on!
Let's go!
Natural talent.
Scott. go!
Allison. I can explain.
Stop lying.
For once stop lying.
I was gonna tell you
the truth at the formal.
I was gonna tell you everything.
Because everything that I said.
everything that I did...
Was to protect me.
Yes.
I don't believe you.
Thank God. Now. shoot him
before I have to shoot myself.
You... you said we were
just gonna catch them?
We did that.
Now we're gonna kill them.
See? Not that hard.
Oh. no...
I know that look.
That's the
"you're gonna have to
do it yourself" look.
Kate. Kate. what are you doing?
I love those brown eyes.
Kate!
I know what you did.
Put the gun down.
I did what I was told to do.
No one asked you to
murder innocent people.
There were children in that house.
ones who were human.
Look what you're doing now.
You're holding a gun
at a 16-year-old boy
with no proof he spilled human blood.
We go by the code...
Nous chassons ceux qui nous chassent.
We hunt those who hunt us.
Put the gun down.
Before I put you down.
Allison. get back.
What is it?
It's the Alpha.
Come on!
No!
She is beautiful. Kate.
She looks like you.
Probably not as damaged.
So I'm going to give you
a chance to save her.
Apologize.
Say that you're sorry
for decimating my family.
for leaving me burned
and broken for six years.
Say it...
And I'll let her live.
I'm sorry.
I don't know about you. Allison.
but that apology...
didn't sound very sincere.
Run!
Dad. Dad.
Hey. hey. hey.
This isn't exactly an
all-terrain vehicle.
Yeah. Did you pay for it?
No.
Then shut up.
Oh. damn.
Allison!
No!
Why did you do that?
Because I love you.
Wait!
You said the cure comes
from the one who bit you.
Derek.
If you do this. I'm dead.
Her father. her family...
what am I supposed to do?
You've... already...
decided.
I can smell it on you!
Wait! No. no! Don't!
I'm the Alpha now.
Shut the door.
Oh. God.
What?
Is it completely healed?
No. not at all.
I don't get it.
The doctor said she'd be fine.
Yeah. but the bite's not
healing like it did with me.
Which means...
She's not a werewolf.
Then what the hell is she?
Derek.
Derek!
I... I helped you.
I helped save you.
Okay. you got what you wanted.
You got what you wanted.
Now it's my turn to get what I want.
They'll be here in two days.
We shouldn't have done it.
That stupid necklace.
The police would've put
it together eventually.
Don't think for one second
she's taking the fall for
something she didn't do.
We're gonna be pariahs in this town.
We can handle it.
And Allison?
She'll learn.
What about Scott?
I'm not the only one he
has to worry about now.
Sync by YYeTs
Correction by U-sub Bisounours Team
www.addic7ed.com
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-